#player

[Morrigan](app://obsidian.md/Players/Morrigan.md) is an Morganite gem, a member of Pink Diamond’s court, and one of the elites of gem society. Born on [homeworld](app://obsidian.md/Worldbuilding/Locations/Homeworld.md) 27,594 years ago, Morganite is a specialized gem whose job is to create art and sculptures for pink diamonds. She was the first one of its kind, introduced as one of the first waves of entertainers type gems similar to Spinel and some pearls. Morrigan built beautiful art, constructed from the local life forms of planets they conquered. She created palanquins, sculptures, and murals out of flora and fauna, and in doing so grew to understand life no other in the empire. In terms of assets, Morrigan has a massive greenhouse mansion called the greenhouse filled with all kinds of plants, creatures, or fauna she’s gathered throughout her journey. This mansion is her main base of operation, which is guarded by rose quartzes, Jaspers, and other pink quartzes. Besides her greenhouse, Morrigan also owns various zoos of creatures throughout gem controlled territories, and also helped build the [human](app://obsidian.md/Daggerheart/ancestries/Human.md) zoo for pink diamond. Morrigan has no official fleets or armatas, but she does have personal bodyguards made up of her most interested faunas she’s gathered throughout the galaxy; she's eccentric for that. She also owns a pink handship called the **Green Thumb** for all her general traveling (the thumb is green). She has around 30 million Rads, earning ~100k per commissioned artwork. She earns ~200k per year, which is considered a little below average for Beryls.

```custom-frames
frame: Morrigan
style: height: 1500px;
urlSuffix: #reminders 
```