#Gems/Society

The gems dominate the galaxy, let’s count how many gems there are. Based on the murals in the moon base, WD has 15 planets, 19 moons, and homeworld. YD has 2 stars, 13 planets, and 8 moons. BD has 8 planets, and pink diamond has 1 planet. In total, that’s 2 stars, 37 planets and 27 moons. There are also off-planet structures, like asteroid mines, human zoos, or just hovering spacecrafts or ships in fleets, or space stations that orbit colonies or stars, but they don’t sustain gem life. There are probably thousands of them. Peridot stated that in a healthy completed colony, there are around 90 kindergartens for a planet the size of Earth. Let’s assume all planets are around Earth’s size, and all moons are around the Moon’s size. The Moon is ⅙ the size of the earth, so let’s say they have 15 kindergartens possible. In total, that’s 90*37 + 15*27 = 3735 kindergartens in total. Let’s round up to 3800 for the Homeworld’s kindergartens. Let’s go with 20k gems per kindergarten. That’s around 76 million Gems in total in the world. Considering that Gems can die, we trim the number down to 38 million, about a half. That’s around the population of France in the late 1800s. Dead gems are melted and recycled into new gems, or they are abandoned and left to drift the universe. Gems can be reassembled if shattered, provided all their pieces are held closely together while being submerged in diamond fluid (all of them). Without correct equipment, this will form some artifacts.

There are a ton of off-colors, around 2 million in total, 5% of total population. These guys are constantly persecuted by enforcers and droids.